add measure for rebase completion without conflicts (#7803)
desktop/desktop: docs/process/metrics.md

| `rebaseConflictsDialogDismissalCount` | The number of times the rebase conflicts dialog is dismissed. | To understand how users respond when they encounter rebase conflicts. |
| `rebaseConflictsDialogReopenedCount` | The number of times the rebase conflicts dialog is reopened. |To understand how users respond when they encounter rebase conflicts. |
| `rebaseCurrentBranchMenuCount` | The number of times the `Branch -> Rebase Current Branch` menu item is used. | To understand how often users start a rebase in the app. |
| `rebaseSuccessAfterConflictsCount` |  The number of times a successful rebase is made in the app after the user resolved conflicts. | To understand whether users are able to complete the rebase conflicts flow. |

> | `rebaseSuccessWithoutConflictsCount` | The number of times a successful rebase is made in the app without the user needing to resolve conflicts. | To understand whether users are able to complete the rebase conflicts flow. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `rebaseSuccessWithoutConflictsCount` | The number of times a successful rebase is made in the app without the user needing to resolve conflicts. | To understand how frequently people are rebasing compared to merging. |
```
